N-N-N-N-N-N-N-Knowledge Fight
Dan and Jordan, I am sweating at knowledgefight.com It's time to pray
I have great respect for knowledge fight I'm sick of them posing as if they're the
good guys saying we are the bad guys. Knowledge Fight. Dan and Jordan, Knowledge Fight.
I need, I need money. Andy and Candice, Andy and Candice. Stop it. Andy and Candice, Andy and Candice. It's time to pray.
Andy and Candice, you're on the air. Thanks for holding us.
Hello Alex, I'm a first time caller. I'm a huge fan. I love your work.
Knowledge Fight. N-N-N-N-N-Knowledge Fight dot com. I love you.
Hey everybody, welcome back to Knowledge Fight, I'm Dan. I'm Jordan. We're a couple dudes,
like to sit around and drink novelty beverages and talk a little bit about Alex
Emmerich Jones. Oh indeed we are, Dan. Uh huh. Dan? Jordan. Quick question. Jordan.
What's your bright spot today? My bright spot, Jordan, have I said mochi. Have I? Yes, you have
said mochi. That one's true. Fuck. Do you have any other rice-based snacks that you
appreciate? No. Do you like the Rice Krispie Treats? Oh I do, I do like those. I haven't had
many in a while though. I did, um, I was telling you about this. Like I've been trying to branch
out and try different types of rice. Naturally, yeah. I'm kind of excited about that. Maybe that
could be a bright spot. Rice exploration. Although the path that I've gone down so far has been
disappointing. I tried the Forbidden Rice. Yes, it was not as forbidden as you might imagine.
Boo to the Forbidden Rice. I forbid it from my kitchen. But yeah, I'm gonna try a rice
exploration for the next, uh, while. That's my new, I know, I know people enjoy hearing about
whatever, like, childish cooking adventures are going on. Whatever rabbit hole you take for,
uh, for a few weeks. Whatever elementary level, uh, cooking 101 shit. I like it. That would be,
that would be more interesting if the word forbidden was just, uh, more applied to things
that suck. Uh huh. You know, like, oh, the Forbidden Rice. It's not forbidden because
it's bad or evil. It's just bad. You know, it just sucks. It's just shitty rice. Look, look,
I want to be totally, like, above board and clear about this. It doesn't suck. It's just not,
it's not, it doesn't live up to the name. Wow, the Lambada sucks. That, that dance is forbidden.
I, I don't know if the Lambada sucks. I don't actually know how to do it, but. Okay. The rice
itself is just, bleh, whatever. You expect a lot when something's forbidden. It's like,
oh, only the king could have this rice. It does, it does kind of raise expectations a little bit.
It doesn't live up to it. Anyway. The Forbidden City isn't just like fucking, uh, Detroit,
you know? Anyway, rice, I guess, is my bright spot. That's a good bright spot. How about you?
My good, my bright spot, Dan, is that, uh, approximately four hours ago, my partner got
the second dose of the Pfizer vaccine. Oh, that's great. It is great news. So she will be
transport, uh, transforming into a cyborg, uh, within weeks. Yeah, either that or where she will
be dead within 15 minutes. Well, that should have happened three hours ago. Okay. Three and a half
hours ago. 15 minutes temporally. Have you talked to her in three hours? I haven't. Uh-oh. Oh,
no, that's not good. Um, well, congratulations. Uh, I hope that, uh, I hope it all is very happy
for it. Uneventful and, uh, everybody's is healthy. Yep, it's, it's nice. It's a, it's a
good little bright spot considering, you know, how shittily the teacher's union has been treated.
Sure. You know, like, yep. Yeah. Uh, anyway, Jordan, today we have an interesting episode
to go over. Oh, okay. We're going to be talking about February 17th. Blackjack!
Too early, kid. Damn it! You're like the guy who hit the NOS too early in Fast and Furious.
Too early, kid. February 17th, Jordan. Oh, okay. Uh, we were like two cars racing and you just
went too fast. You went right into the barricade so I could slowly go around. I never know when
you're going to speed up or slow down. You, I'm always chasing you. That's the struggle. Yeah,
the advantage is with the server. You understand this in the game of tennis? You do understand this
in the game of tennis. Um, yeah, so interestingly, Alex was able to get back into studio on the
17th, which is Wednesday. Okay. And I have some interesting thoughts about it. I don't know
exactly what was going on, but he was able to broadcast. Uh, the studio is a bit dark. Sure.
There are lights in terms of like focused on him, so it's not like he's sitting in a shadow. Right,
right, right. Um, but the giant million dollar board behind him is off. Okay. Uh, it's, it's
bleak. Um, and it's interesting. This, uh, this episode is, uh, really fucked up. Oh, yeah, no,
I believe that. I believe that. Sometimes when the, the, the vibe is this bad, just take the day
off. I would, I would have advised. You're going to say all kinds of weird shit. You're in a dark
room, basically by yourself. I would have said, uh, you know, call in, don't do, don't do this.
Yeah, absolutely. But then, you know, the flip side of the coin is that like necessity is the
mother of invention. And like, whenever your back's to the wall, sometimes you fuck around
and pull out something amazing. Right, right, right. We've heard countless stories of that.
Fair. How many times have you heard a standup talk about how, like, it was the worst possible
scenario? Like you've been on stage and like the lights have gone out. Totally. Sometimes those
are the best sets you could possibly have. Mic is cut out. Yeah. The whole thing. Yeah. Yeah.
Your back's to the wall and something within you comes out that you didn't know was there.
And you rise to the occasion. That's not this. I didn't think so. I was not expecting that.
What could be rising to the occasion? I don't know. Anyway, it's going to be a lot of fun.
Uh, I've enjoyed some of this and some of it is just, oh, we'll just say overtly white
supremacist. Well, that'll happen. It's a dark room, so you gotta brighten it up somehow, Dan.
We'll get down to business on the episode, but before we do, let's take a little moment to say
thank you to some folks who signed up and are supporting the show. Oh, that's a great idea.
So first, Alex Jones in Mike Tyson's voice. The in Mike Tyson's voice was not in parentheses,
so I'm not doing a, I'm not doing a, no, it has to be, no, it's the name. I'm not doing an
impression. No, you don't do impressions. No, certainly not. You are now a policy wonk.
I'm a policy wonk. Thank you very much. Thank you. Next, Bill. And then also thank you to Dana
for suggesting to Bill to listen to this podcast. Very complicated name, but you're a policy wonk.
I'm a policy wonk. Thank you. Thank you very much. I swear you themed these.
Sometimes there's normal names. Sometimes it's a long list of joke names and now we're just
getting explanations. I try and balance it out. Next, The Demon Deacon. Thank you so much. You
are now a policy wonk. I'm a policy wonk. Thank you very much, Dee Dee. I think it's the Wake
Forest mascot. Yes, I am fairly certain. Do you know about Deacon Blues, a song by Steely Dan?
No, I do not know. I'm not a big Steely Dan guy, man. Holy shit. No, this is a thing.
They got a name for the winners in the world and I want a name when I lose. They call Alabama
the Crimson Tide. Call me Deacon Blues. Okay. All right. So I'm not missing a ton. Drink
scotch whiskey all night long. Well, now you're selling it. And dive behind the wheel. Is that
what Steely Dan sounds like? A little bit. I think Fagan has a better voice than I do.
Deacon Blues, good song. Peg. That Asia album is all just pretty good.
Reagan liked Peg. Anyway, next, Nathan W. Thank you so much. You're now a policy wonk.
I'm a policy wonk. Thank you, Nathan. Next, John C. Thank you so much. You're now a policy wonk.
I'm a policy wonk. Thank you, John. Thank you. And then I'd like to give a shout out to some
folks who donated on an elevated level. We appreciate that very much. So the Woods Boys,
but I'm insisting on calling them Dem Woods Boys. Thank you so much. You are now technocrats.
And Jake, AKA Gibby. Okay. It's your birthday. Happy birthday. Oh, happy birthday. And you're
now a technocrat. And Mr. Goblin keeps you clean. You are now a technocrat. And I'd like to say
hello and good tidings to you and your family and your daughter. You're now all technocrats. Sure.
Everybody's a technocrat. I'm a policy wonk. Crikey, mate. That's fantastic. Have yourself
a brew. How's your 401k doing, bro? All right. We got to go full tilt boogie on this Watson.
All right. Let's just get down to business. We ain't making that money off that heroin.
Why are you pimps so good? My neck is freakishly large. I declare info war on you. Thank you all.
Jordan. I can't believe you don't like Steely Dan. I didn't say I didn't like Steely Dan.
I'm just not a Steely Dan guy. Like I'd never got into Steely Dan. I'm not in my,
I'm not yet 42. So I don't feel like it's the right time for me to get into Steely Dan.
I don't know. A Steely Dan folk. We have a saying, and that's you're either with us or
you're against us. Is that what Steely Dan folks say? I did not know that. I guess that's why I
haven't been invited. Cause apparently I'm against you. Yeah. You, you were a dissenter.
Check it out. Check it out. Buy the camp, listen to the camp buy a thrill album. I think you'll
enjoy it. I believe I will. I've never, I've never heard a Steely Dan song that I wasn't like.
What about Black Cow? Have you heard Black Cow? I don't know.
Black Cow is a good song. Probably. So Jordan, we have two out of context drops from today's
show. That's exciting. Yeah. I'll let you decide afterwards, which you prefer. Okay. Here's option
number one. All right. And I'm just telling you what I really think. Okay. So this is the ultimate
Black Pill broadcast today. That is an accurate assessment of the show. He's very Black Pill
mood. Okay. Which is probably going to hurt sales of the real red pill, which he sells. Could.
Here's option number two. You gotta wash that ass. What's it going to be? Well, that's tough.
That's tough. You do gotta wash that ass. You gotta wash that ass. However, there's a part of
me that thinks that he should try selling like that's kind of an untapped market. The Black
Pill, right? It's a, you know, you got the real red pill. It gets you all that. What if you sold
a pill that just gives you, gives you like minor depression. Everybody could use a couple of days
on the bed without liking yourself. I don't know if this is a good market. I think it'd be best
to avoid that, that, that space. Maybe, maybe it would be a prank gift that you get, you know,
like it's a, it's a white elephant gift. Yeah. These are depression pills. All right. I don't
know. I don't like this. Okay. Fair enough. So we start off the episode here and Alex is
sitting in studio alone. Sad. Yeah. No cool lights behind him. Clean ass though. We washed that ass.
Yeah. And I don't know. It kind of, you know, I know he didn't, but I, this he's responding to
a question that we brought up on our episode, which is like, Hey man, you're supposed to be
the big prepper guy, right? Right. What's going on here. Thank you so much for joining us. I have
a skeleton crew and we have limited power back on in the studios here. And a lot of listeners will
say to me, well, you're Mr. Prepared. Why aren't you prepared? Want to eat some of that struggle
food. When I've told people that we should all take our vitamins and be in shape, I'm pointing
three fingers back at myself and one finger at you. But I'm obviously saying why I think the
best thing to do is the city of Austin was here two years ago and wouldn't give us the permits
for a full power to generator system that we wanted to put in here. And you could,
I guess move locations. We don't have the money to do that. So we're just like the average folks
in. I don't have power. Most of my family doesn't have power. Uh, and so I've been going around
dealing with frozen pipes and things like that. And I'm, I'm not complaining. Oh, so it's the red
tape. Yeah. So Alex very well may have been dealing with some pipe issues, but that's far
from the only thing he's been doing while this winter storm has lingered in Texas. And apparently
his family is without power. As it turns out in the middle of all this, Alex decided to take a
helicopter to Dallas to sit down and get drunk and smoke cigars with Steven Crowder while
simultaneously complaining about cancel culture and lying about what they do for a living.
I wanted really badly to cover that interview for the show because it's very stupid,
but it's behind a paywall. So it kind of falls into that territory of things. I don't feel right
making content out of. And unfortunately the section they released for free on YouTube,
it's kind of dumb. It's not, uh, it's not worth it. And as you and I were talking about this,
how terrible of a tease would it be? Like as if we were promoting. Yeah, no, that would be us
being like, and then go listen to the last bit of their show, I guess. No, we're not doing that
shit. There was one interesting kernel in there though, that I wanted to talk about a Lieutenant
Colonel. Ooh, there was a point where Steven Crowder was trying to help Alex sell his whole,
like I'm not left-wing or right-wing kind of bona fides. Sure, sure, sure. So, you know,
they're trying to pretend that he's above the political fray. And Alex said something that I
thought was shocking and interesting. My mom's, uh, brother had been a big helicopter ace in
Vietnam, and then he was involved in Iran Contra. And so he would come by the house sometimes and
talk about what was really going on in the country. And I had some other family that was
involved in clandestine stuff and like army special operations. And that was back when it was
all human intelligence. It wasn't digital. It was like, it was like hit teams and like real stuff
and like killing Russian spies and, uh, you know, stuff in Germany. I'll be sitting around like
eight years old early stories at the table, you know, with family talking about it. And so for me,
I kind of grew up in the real world and then other people were growing up in the fantasy land.
And so that was, I kind of had a leg up just because as a kid, I grew up hearing about all
this stuff. So you were always more right-leaning when you grew up, like you didn't have a phase
where you became a liberal? No, I mean, I just grew up like any family reunion or any place I
went. It was like all really army people. They were just all like sitting, it wasn't a big deal.
They were just like all, you know, they're just all like in the real world. We're battling the
Russians and America's going to win and we're gonna get more nuclear reactors and more weapons
in them. And you know, the real world took out their people and I'm growing up hearing all this
and then I'm hearing, and then I go to college finally, like America sucks and communism was
good. And I was like, well, I'm going to join the anti-communist movement. So that's, that's when
it started where you said that you were going to fight against the communist movement, which would,
by the way, grew up around a bunch of bad-ass Americans, right? This is an interesting insight
and anyone who's not a complete idiot interviewing Alex would have heard that and realized what he
had just said. This wasn't him saying that he's neither right wing nor left wing. He's just
opposed to communism. Alex is saying that at a young age, he decided to join the anti-communist
movement. Any interviewer worth a damn would have heard that and understood that what Alex is saying
is that he's not a conservative. He's about a thousand miles to the right of conservatives.
Anytime you hear him criticize the right wing, like he did with George W. Bush, it's because
they're doing something that seems like something a Democrat would do. So they must be a secret
communist. Interviews with people like Crowder exist entirely to launder Alex Jones to a naive
audience, unaware of what's actually being discussed and getting them to think that he's
comically, this comically fringe right wing politics that he has is actually somehow an
expression of being above the two party system. Crowder's audience skews younger too. So this
is really an effort to mainstream like a zealot bigot like Alex to children, which Steven should
be deeply ashamed of being a part of. And also I fucking couldn't help it. So I decided I have
a few clips. I needed to take a few clips because some of this is so embarrassing. It's really bad.
Just dumb shit. It starts with them sort of like joshing around about Joe Rogan. It's like,
oh, you two guys who are like, oh yeah, you're just talking about how you're friends with Joe
on a completely separate show. Steven Crowder hasn't been on Rogan's show in like three years.
And I'm certain you'll never be back close friends. Come on. They're just two guys talking
about how they're close friends with a famous guy. I do. I do find it fun when it's just like,
you know, talking about the third person who's substantially more famous and relevant,
but then they start talking about butts because, uh, because, uh, is Alex's kid there,
they're describing, uh, um, uh, the Rogan studio as being like the, uh, intestine of a whale or
whatever. And this gets to talking about the digestive tract. Sure. I just need to take a
piss. And there was a Bush right there. We're right in a, in a whale's, uh, large intestine.
You're so well, I don't, I don't know. I, Colin just sounds, uh, it just sounds more nefarious.
So lower intestine. Well, what's the large intestine is the large intestine that lower?
Yes, I think you're right. I guess we're saying the same thing. No, wait,
Colin's different. What's rectum. Let's move on. We don't need to go through rectum.
You have the mouth, you have the esophagus, you have the, uh, the stomach, which is a small
intestine, right? No, the stomachs, the stomach. Oh yeah, that's right. Then you have the small
intestine and the large intestine. Then the colon, then the rectum, the anus. No, the rectum is
before the anus. Well, then I'm saying the rectum and the ants, the small, the large intestines
connected to the colon. Remember the show like schoolhouse rock. Yeah. I think, I think I missed
that one. The stomachs is connected to the large intestine. They just had a bill saying, I have to
poo. Can you imagine this? They're going to censor this saying, this is going to be like, you cannot
let Jones talk about this. It actually brings me to something interesting because you've been on,
and I want to go through your story. This is a little bit different. A lot of people don't know
your story, but what's funny is what we just did people here on YouTube and people who are on mug
club, no one cares, but on YouTube, that's not offensive at all. But what's, what's kind of
interesting to me is back in the day with the FCC, my talk radio currently, if I said that on my
show, anything scatological. In other words, you could say that guy's a, that guy's a rectum head
or a dump, but you can't say my rectum, anything that's considered like potty. You can't say
that's just such a great example of Crowder and Alex pretending they're like this conversation
they're having about the digestive tract is going to get them censored. They're there's,
they still rely on this, the conservative media system. They rely on this preemptive complaining
that something that they haven't even released yet is going to get censored or
would be censored in a certain context in order to give them the pretense of credibility.
Shit's so edgy, man, it's going to get banned before it exists. I can't talk about rectums.
That's such a great observation that Patton Oswalt made better 20 years ago and didn't
make it about cancel culture or whatever. Interesting. Yeah. So now this next clip here is
also one of the three of us needs to be hit with a meteor and I don't care which it is.
After listening to that shit, one of the three of us has got to go.
Well, I mean, there's another part I didn't take from this that I thought was really funny where
Steven Carter was talking about how he got into what he's doing because conservative comedians
weren't funny. And I'd like to play back that clip. Oh man. Look, I say a lot of stupid shit,
but I try and keep it short. I don't go into like, no, let's get into the order of how stupid
shit is. Yeah. And then try and effortlessly or effortfully weave it into cancel culture.
Yeah, go fuck yourself. I can't talk about butts. Go fuck yourself. I can't talk about butts on the
radio. Go listen to Alex's show anytime and hear the kind of gross shit he's talking about. Also,
at least say fuck if you're going to talk about being censored. Sure. Losers. So this,
this clip was poorly timed and completely not true. Yeah. I disagree with Rush when he had the
magic Negro song. Remember that? Based on the LA times article, I think. Yeah. Yeah. I get it.
I'm not even against Rush. I'm not saying censoring. I just, I, I wouldn't do that humor.
So hearing that- Motherfucker! God damn shit! Fuck! The dragon! The fucking dragon!
This is the laundering of Alex Jones's persona on Steven's platform. I want to throw things. But
also hearing that Alex Jones didn't like his racial humor may actually have been what finally
did Rush in. There's actually no way to know for sure, but 13 Lieutenant Colonels have actually
told me that that is what happened. That does sound right. And also if Alex, like you said,
doesn't like that humor, he's got to stop doing fentanyl. He's got a lot of stuff he needs to
stop doing, but that one's a big one. This next clip is Alex carrying on his great tradition
of outing his secret sources that he claims he never outs because confidentiality is super
important to him. Hey, look, I can't tell you who it is. Well, I'll go ahead and tell you. It was
Don Jr. who was a Cernovich's source. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, woo, huh? Whoops. This is about Ted
Cruz. I love Ted Cruz. I think he's a great lawyer, a great American. I'm supporting for
president. It was Trump and Roger Stone, I think it's them that put out the story that his dad was
in the CIA and all that stuff. And then he's like, Jones is crazy, but I'll support his free speech,
even though he made up that my dad did this. I didn't do that. I covered what they said.
So you can't Ted Cruz love Trump and do all that when they were the ones that gave me the story.
To be fair, you might've given it more legitimacy than it warranted.
Probably so. That's not funny. That's not funny. That's a tragedy. You're just describing a
tragedy. You're describing a hypocritical douchebag who's hiding behind his best friend slash guest
who hosted the show at the time. Yeah. And it's kind of unclear if Alex is talking about just
like, I will cover and pretend anything that's Trump and Roger say is true. And they said this
and therefore I made it news. Or if it was like they had some kind of a plan and they were,
they were discussing this, like someone, some conduit to Alex, like, Hey, here's a story for
you. Cause that's what it sounds like. He said they gave me the story. No, he's saying, he's
literally describing them saying, we want you to spread this lie for us. So, I mean, in many ways
that that's campaign finance laws that he's just fucked up right there. The FEC might want to ask
some questions. So this last clip is hilarious because it really demonstrates how little
Steven Crowder cares at all about accurately presenting the person he's talking to, to his
audience. And I think you really care about your audience too. I mean, that's why your audience is
loyal. And even with this sort of deep platform, which I know has probably affected you in a
negative way. You've talked about it, but your audience flocked to support you because you have
been, people have to say this about you. You know, whether they disagree with you or agree with you,
that you're pretty consistent. God damn it. No matter what you think about Alex, whether you
like him or not, the last thing you should say about him is that he's consistent. That's the
last word I would use to describe this dude who makes up shit all the time and flip-flops on
anything whenever it becomes inconvenient for him or more convenient to say something else.
What happened to the globalists plan B? What happened to Alex's post DUI crusade to clear
the names of all the people who've been wrongfully convicted of drunk driving? What happened to all
of Alex's old expert friends who he doesn't talk to anymore because they didn't like Trump enough?
Maybe my favorite example of this in recent history was how toward the beginning of the
COVID-19 pandemic, Alex misread a headline about the then fairly unknown Dr. Fauci,
and Alex decided to report this whole thing as Fauci being a brave person inside the government,
blowing the whistle on how the virus was all a sham. Alex claimed that he looked into Fauci
and he made some calls about him and he was the real deal. Within days Fauci had become the
villain in the right-wing media and Alex pretended that whole thing about him, looking into him and
seeing that he's the real deal, that never happened. Never happened. Alex Jones is not
consistent. His work is meaningless and it's internally self-contradictory at many points,
but his branding is that of a guy who's consistent and he's right about the bedrock stuff. Yeah.
That's why Steven Crowder is presenting him this way because he's trying to sell Alex's branding
to his audience as opposed to dealing with who Alex actually is as a person and what his show
is actually like. Someone like Crowder is actively doing harm with this kind of shit, like a way less
talented Joe Rogan who by definition of his lesser talent attracts an audience that's gullible or
immature enough to think that poo-poo and pee-pee jokes are edgy. Yeah. And that all you're doing
is creating a false image of who Alex is. I wouldn't even be all that surprised if Steven
Crowder is so goddamn cynical that he didn't even know what Alex's show is like. He's just
hung out with him a couple times and assumes like, oh, he wouldn't be the kind of guy who
yells about the devil all the fucking time and talks about people eating poop on his show. Yeah.
Nah. Get the fuck out of here. Yeah. It was offensive. What are you guys doing? So anyway,
I just wanted to cover a couple of those little clips. That kind of presentation of him is like
some sort of elected official completely and utterly bungling, uh, health crisis.
And then writing or ghostwriting a book about his leadership. You're talking about Cuomo?
Meh, maybe. I didn't cut out this clip, but on this February 17th episode, Alex reveals that
Cuomo spends most of his time chained up in a sex dungeon. That's better than what he does.
I would prefer that. It's come out. Give me a governor who spends more time in a sex dungeon
than doing evil shit like him. And really my problem is that Alex's reporting had a very
sex negative slant to it. That's unfortunate. Yeah. So we jump back to the 17th here and
Alex recognizes that he's starting the show a little bit down. He's complaining a little bit.
Now I just can't stop thinking of like, what if Lori Lightfoot had a big scandal where it was
like, she spent $240 million on a sex dungeon. I'd be like, yeah, of course you do. You don't
give it to the fucking cops. Anyway, Alex is complaining a lot. And really what I'm doing
here at the start of the broadcast is just doing a little bit of bitching, uh, because
the information is so heavy. The information is so insanely intense that I'm going to be covering
here today, uh, as I broadcast to you from a building that's 99% dark except for the studio.
And we've got three generators running just to keep this going 24 hours a day.
I bring you this information because this is the end of the Republic, the end of the country,
the end of the world, as you know it, this is the global extermination plan. Okay. Well,
we're at the end. That is big news. Yep. Also you don't, yeah, you don't, you don't need, uh,
power there 24 hours a day. You're not at the studio. How about save some of your money and
maybe use those generators to help out all those people, you know, you can use generators to help
other people. Right. Yeah. I don't know. It's, it's a little bit confusing and we'll get,
it becomes more and more confusing as the show goes along. Like how much power do you have?
What is going on? This makes no sense. Yeah. Okay. Um, but, uh, Alex, he's talking about,
uh, you know, QAnon, right? You remember QAnon? I've heard of it. Um, there is a thing in QAnon
where they were talking about like the power is going to go out and that's when Q and Trump
and the hit teams are going to round up the bad guys. Sure, sure, sure, sure. So Alex is like,
no, no, no, no, no. Right. Right. Right. The opposite is true. Now there is a blackout.
There's power out in Texas. And now the right wing is being rounded. Oh no. I also noticed
everything Q said was the enemy bragging. It was the enemy, the mouth of Sauron. And, and so Q
said when the, when the lights go out, that's when the roundups begin. And, and indeed they
are starting to swat team and kill and round people up during the workouts, but it's getting
rounded up, not them. So that's some of the sick, sick irony of, uh, of president Q.
Yep. So there you go, ladies and gentlemen, this is a hellish situation. So I would like,
uh, proof of any of this. I would like a demonstration of where who's being rounded
up by hit teams. Yeah. Also, how do you, what do you, what's happening? You just got into the
office on a day when no one has any fucking power. What are you getting? Like 300 text messages.
I'm being rounded up. Isn't this, I mean, it's also a little bit of a problem for his whole,
like everybody's going to have no power. Here I am broadcasting live on my show, whatever.
Like it's still, I don't know. This is the apocalypse. It's over. The great reset is happening. Obviously
I'm still broadcasting. If I were him, I probably would think that it would be better to broadcast
from home, whatever, as low fi as possible. Like we're in the bunker. We're all, we're all in
this together. It would be a very nice sentiment. It seems a little strange. It would be too little,
too late, but it would be nice. It seems a little strange for when people are going through
something really severe to be like, well, you know, my big problem is my warehouse is closed.
Yeah. Somebody made me cut my vacation short. Relatable. Anyway, America has fallen.
Beta is over, baby. Beta is over. So America has fallen. America is gone. America is dead.
And only admitting that gives us any chance to turn it around. We are now completely overrun.
The FBI is completely paid off and hell on earth is now being released.
I just feel like you'd hear that stuff. And if you, if you believed any word of it,
why would you follow any laws? Yeah. Why, why would you feel beholden to any form of
social contract? Yeah. And why wouldn't you possibly for one second, at least think to
yourself, okay, this is the result of me supporting every politician that I've ever supported.
This is the literal inevitable result of everything I've ever believed in.
Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Not for a moment. Not for a moment. Do you think, oh, this sucks.
I wish I hadn't done that. Oh no. Infrastructure's crippled. I probably shouldn't have supported the
party that hates. Yeah. So in this next clip, we get to the little bit of the beginning of
Alex's sort of dipping his little angry toe into white supremacy. Sure. Sure. He's talking about
Mark Zuckerberg, right? Right. And Zuckerberg, he's, you know, he talks about how we're fighting
World War II with this virus, right? And it's true. That is true. Okay. Except when he says
virus, what he actually means is a white male Christian. Oh, okay. And I'm going to explain
something when we come back to the next segment. That's the most important thing ever. Okay. And
okay. And it's, it's, it's this everything with them is actually a truthful statement,
except it's inverted. So Bill Gates says we're fighting the equivalent of World War II.
You have that clip coming up. We're fighting the equivalent of World War II.
And the virus is World War II and climate change is like World War II.
When he says we're fighting the virus, you're the virus. They call human overpopulation and
free speech and everything and Christians and white males the virus. Ooh. I'm sorry. He was
talking about Bill Gates. He was talking about Zuckerberg in that rant also. Yeah. Yeah. Gotcha.
But yeah. So it's the virus is straight white males, Christian males. You know,
there's an argument to be made for straight white males who are Christian being something of a
toxic presence. I don't know if I would describe them as a virus. No, I, I think that, I think
that even joking around there is, is, is, uh, is a little bit iffy. I don't know. When the
evangelical block votes 90% for Trump, uh, I think we're good. Yeah. But, but that that's,
I don't know. I feel like that's something you got to really parse out. Sure. You're getting too
close to justifying Alex's narratives. I'm not justifying his narratives. I walked it back.
I said they're just a toxic presence. I didn't say they were a virus. Okay. You can solve toxic
presences with things other than, uh, you know, his plans. Okay. So, um, Jordan, remember,
remember Enron? Yeah. Energy company. Yes. I do remember Enron. Ken Lay. Yeah. Not a good dude.
Yeah. Real, real exemplars of, uh, of late stage capitalism. What happened to Ken Lay?
Uh, I don't know. I, I not bad enough things, I suppose. What do you, I mean, he died. Oh,
did he? Right. I don't know. Before he was able to go on trial. I don't know anything
about Ken Lay. Oh, well, he did. Okay. Um, he actually faked his death. He faked his death.
Because it was Enron came up with the carbon tax in 1987. I mean, you knew that, right? Ken Lay
uh, hatched all this. And then we all heard he committed suicide on house arrest and then
word is he's down in Paraguay. So that's, that's how all this works. Ladies and gentlemen. See,
I study how these boys operate, how they do it. So the thing that I think is really interesting
about that is the juxtaposition of Alex saying, uh, word is he's down in Paraguay in the same
sentence as he says, I study this. I study this, but I also report hearsay as if it's facts.
QAnon people are fucking crazy with this. John F. Kennedy Jr. isn't going to find you and help you
in any way. Now Ken Lay is obviously in Paraguay naturally. He's not going to help you, but he's
hiding out there. He's hiding. The word is. The word is from who? Yeah. Does he have a lot of
Paraguayan listeners? Uh, yeah, probably. Oh, okay. Well, that's fair. A hotbed of Trump support
and info warrior. Yeah, well, that's fair. So, uh, Alex is talking about China and he's complaining
about, uh, I'm going to be honest. This is a little bit, this, this hits my ear a little
bit racist. Sure. Alex is going off on a little bit of a jag about how, you know, there's more
Chinese men in China than women. And so they export men to other places to get brides and
other countries. He's kind of implying that it's like exporting people in order to make the world
Chinese. Sure, sure. It's fucked up and weird. And then in the middle of it, we're in a Hank
Stamper situation. You go find a wife out East and you bring her back to Oregon. And in the middle of
this kind of disgusting, weird, uh, jag, Alex gets some bad news. Okay. They've had a one child
policy to where there's probably a hundred million more boys in China, uh, than there are girls. So
they export Chinese men to colonies and tell them, get an African wife, get an American wife,
get an American wife. They forcibly raped the Uyghur women and up to 10 men at a time. That's
in mainstream news. They don't deny it to forcibly make them Chinese instead of the group they are,
which basically is Chinese it's a dark day, ladies and gentlemen,
it's a dark day. I'm gonna play this clip in a moment, but this is all being done on purpose.
This is rubbing our faces in it. And we got another bad piece of news. He wasn't perfect.
He got snookered into wars, globalist wars, but he wasn't American. And he was at loyal
to the country and he meant well, and he fought the communist rush Limbaugh,
American radio host dead at 70. So just another disgusting, sickening omen.
Oh God. So Alex is not happy about this news. It is a disgusting omen. It's strange. Um,
a little bit curious bedfellows, uh, considering in the earlier times of his career rush Limbaugh
would have been an enemy. Sure. Uh, and somebody who was kind of like the, the fucking shitty
globalist, right. Yeah. And in Trump times, you know, we're Limbaugh love Trump. So the two of
them, they reached a little bit of an understanding naturally, naturally silly. Oh, but Alex is very
consistent. Sure. Yeah. The, the winds of hatred are very consistent. Very much. Yeah. So Russia
is dead. Um, and Alex pays him quite a, quite a tribute. I will say that I think that this might
be a send-off. He's kind of a piece of his shit, but, uh, you know, he inspired my career. So fuck
that guy. I hope he dies again. This is immediately after Alex reports the news that, uh, that Russia
has died. Okay. American radio host dead at 70. So just another disgusting, sickening omen.
And folks I've learned at 47 to go, Oh my God, it's never wrong.
The United States is facing imminent destruction. Are you saying he was murdered? My guts never
been wrong. And I keep having very intense nightmares the last month that the United
States is going to be hit by nuclear weapons by China. And it's going to stand down dreams.
Stop having sweets before bed. They're preparing us with, with stay in your homes. Uh,
Oh, your power's off, but they turn the power off. I'll prove that coming up, but they admit
they did by the way, it's in the fine print and they're just getting us ready for the disaster.
They're not going to hit the main cities. They're going to hit the military basis.
And that's why they want to keep national guard in DC. So, so that the, the, the, the States can't
organize and have a response. They'll be cut off in DC. That's why they're doing this purge. The
military that is 60 day stand down to go through and create list of who, uh, they're going to kill
right away and who they're not. I mean, if you don't want to stay and fight this, I would
evacuate the United States right now. Very good chance that they're going to either blow the
entire power grid with the MPs. Sure. I've been conditioning is to get ready for, or they're
going to hit us with the first strike. I saw that's crazy. No, this is war folks. America's
over, it's gone. Trump was removed. Of course he wanted a giant landslide. They weren't going to
allow that to happen. And that's why when you look at the press secretary and all the Biden's
people, they are scared. And if I was them, I'd be scared too. I decided I'm going to eulogize
rush by making up scary bullshit. Yep. Yep. That was it. That was a good, uh, I found out that
Russia is dead. And now I must tell you, China is about to nuke us. That is a, that is a fitting
send off for us. That's exactly what you should do. You should let me spread propaganda in your
honor. Here's some bullshit that are alert people. Yeah. But, and that really kind of defines Alex's
mood for a bit in the show. It's over, man. Alex, I'm just going to throw this out there.
They are shutting off power on purpose. What if they weren't allowed to do that?
What if there was some sort of like thing that the law and I'm not saying that we have to give
it a name? Cause I think names might be a problem for Alex. Alex isn't into labels. What if there
was like a like, Hey, this is a law that says you can't do that. Despite you being a private
company, suggesting something that would regulate behaviors. I feel like I'm playing operations.
You just hit the edge. Alex is in a bad mood. Uh, it's over, man. America's fucking done.
Sure. Rush was the last thing together. And then this gets back to where I think this is
overtly white supremacist show. I just, I gotta be honest with you folks. It's all over. Okay.
It's all over. We're about to be hit with nuclear weapons or the military stood down.
Everything's gone. So I'm sorry. It's over. The country's gone. It's all over. I mean,
I'm admitted. The death star is orbiting the planet at maximum velocity. We don't
stop the globalist. If they aren't stopped, it's over. You think they just steal elections for a
reason? I think they're saying veterans are terrorists for no reason. All white men are
terrorists. Sure. Under this Chinese regime, folks are going to take all white men in for
reeducation. And then it'll be every other group after that, because they know that white men
coming from a Scottish Irish English tradition, even the continent of Europe, Europe didn't get
free until about a hundred years ago. Germans were still served 150 years ago, slaves in the
Austrian Hungarian empire. They're under a team, military services, oppressions were owned men,
passions were sold as mercenaries. So you had a bunch of wars in the British Isles over tribalism
and, and, and who ran things. And then that grew into our system of freedom. That's where it all
came from folks. That's your argument. It all comes out of England. It all comes out of Scotland.
It all comes out of Ireland. That's where all the freedom comes from. Mainly England. Oh boy. Okay.
So I'm going to be, I'm going to be real with Alex. I don't think he really read anything that
the founders wrote. No, I don't think so. I don't think he read, I don't think he's read a whole
lot of history either. Cause this is a very skewed and the Scotch Irish were fighting for a while
and they came over here and democracy happened. I don't know what's wrong with you. All freedom
flows from the, the, the, the river head of a white man. As everybody knows freedom originated
in England whenever they traveled to Africa in order to sell human beings to America. That's
freedom. Yeah. Thanks for sort of mainlining and supporting this Steven Crowder. Yeah. I hope
you're proud you promote somebody who has these kinds of ideas that they disseminate on their
show. They're going to come after white men. And as we all know, freedom only comes from white men.
Exactly. Wow. I mean like there's such an interesting division that I find with his
show. Like a lot of the time it's very much white identity. It's very much like implicit bias and
like, you know, clearly racist positions. Totally. But that's white supremacist. Oh, 100%. That's
like beyond the line. It's saying that white men are supreme. The only people who have ever
thought freedom is worth anything. Hey, what if we weren't serfs? Only white men ever had that
thought. It's, it's a bit, it's, it's pretty, it's, it's shocking. It's shocking to see.
I think I should have a say in how things are run. Only white men ever considered that thought.
Well, I mean, and the sort of, I don't know, I guess tributary kind of argument that would
spring off that river is that any time, you know, like any time there is actual movements
towards freedom, it's gotta be white people doing it. And the only way non-white people
can really be involved is they just follow whatever the white people are doing. Yeah,
they call white men in order to run their, their freedom operations. Yeah. You know,
you know how white men often promote freedom throughout the world? You know,
so many times we've seen white men go all across the world and just promote the fuck out of freedom.
I think that this might be a half thought through thing of Alex's. It might be something that's more
emotionally felt for him. Could be. It might come from the place of white supremacy that is deep
within his white heart. I would say in his mind, the only freedom is the freedom of white men to
do whatever it is they want. And that freedom does only come from white men. So I will give him that.
You've made an interesting argument. So, uh, Alex has some problems with his staff. Uh, well,
not actually. He likes the staff, but look, this guy, his longtime producer, his sister,
she's weird. And I just told you, if you're a new listener and you think I'm joking or maybe,
maybe you're a new listener, you think it's good. Like, oh yeah, we love ZZ Ping.
Oh, I have a long time producer here. The oldest employee here, 17 years.
He used to live in Minnesota. Good detail. His sister pledges allegiance to ZZ Ping.
Does she? And is an academic. And she's main line in Minnesota. They pledge allegiance to ZZ Ping.
That does sound right. Think I'm joking? Look at the Washington Post. Can ZZ Ping destroy
Donald Trump to save America? Wow. Wow. This is what they do in Minnesota. Hey,
listen, it's just mainstream. Obviously my producer's sister pledges allegiance to ZZ Ping
because she's an academic. And if you want proof, read the Washington Post, which I assume must be
about his sister's headline. I can't even really remember. And I definitely didn't read the article.
Yeah, exactly. See the Washington Post. Yeah. You've got these listeners who are like in the
middle of nowhere and Alex has just been like, yeah, trust me, academics in Minnesota, all
pledge allegiance to ZZ. Fine. Jesus, man. It's, it's kind of like whenever you were in elementary
school and you'd be like talking to somebody and they'd be like, yeah, I have a cousin who's in
France and they all eat bugs. There's some sort of a weird cultural thing in another country.
One of those things that they're lying to you because you're 12 and you are not going to go
to France. No, it's one of those things your dad tells you. And then you tell everybody at school
and everybody's like, no, no, you shouldn't believe anything your dad says anymore. Yeah.
Speaking of things that dads tell you that you shouldn't believe. Alex has a little bit of a
humdinger about his dad. Okay. So these are very dangerous people. They tried to recruit my dad.
CIA death. Oh my dad just gave it the exact type they were looking for. Let me tell you.
You know, there's, there's types. You can look at somebody and tell them they've been a Marine or
an army officer. You tell somebody they look at these globalist are short, nice, friendly,
little doctors. Usually it was for whatever reason, dark hair. That's what my dad looks like.
And then he owed top of his class and they tried to recruit him. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait,
wait, wait. Two of the things they're looking for are physical characteristics. They have to be short
and have dark hair. Obviously. What the fuck are you talking? If you're looking for the Ubermensch,
they need to be short with dark hair. I don't understand, Dan. That's what they're looking to
do. Recruit CIA dentists who are short and have dark hair. And this is pre CIA dentistry. Uh,
cause he was just coming out of high school. Oh, that's true. I love the idea that Alex Jones's
dad was like, look, the globalists really wanted me cause I was short. Dark hair. They love that.
That's a little bit, that's a little bit like, uh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Those dating apps.
Love short guys. It's very stupid. It's very dumb. Um, so one of the, one of the like really
through line narrative kind of things that Alex is going on about on this episode is that, uh, Biden
had a town hall the night prior and apparently during this town hall, he had endorsed China's
actions in Hong Kong and also about the Uyghurs. Hmm. Here's Alex playing that clip here, ladies
and gentlemen, is Joe Biden endorsing communist China's death camps and takeover militarily of
Hong Kong. Just unbelievable in your face treason over the top. Just it's only to get crazier from
here. Here it is. You know, Chinese leaders, if you know anything about Chinese history,
it has always been the time when China has been victimized by the outer world is when they haven't
been unified at home. So the central pro vastly overstated the central principle of Xi Jinping
is that there must be a United tightly controlled China. And he uses his rationale for the things
he does based on that. I point out to him, no American president can be sustained as a president
if he doesn't reflect the values of the United States. And so the idea, I'm not going to speak
out against what he's doing in Hong Kong, what he's doing with the Uyghurs in Western mountains
of China and Taiwan, trying to end the one China policy by making it forceful. I said,
and by the, he said, he, he gets it culturally. There are different norms at each country and
they, their leaders are expected to follow. He said, he said, he said, I'm not going to
criticize it. Like he was saying, he would criticize it. Sick, evil lawyer crap. Okay.
So there's just not understand words. Apparently not. Yeah. There are plenty of reasons to
critique Biden about his town hall from the other night, but this is a complete misrepresentation
of what Biden was saying. Yeah. So Anderson Cooper asked Biden about his conversation with Xi
and the treatment of the Uyghurs came up and Biden said, quote, we must speak up for human
rights. It's who we are. Then there's that clip that Alex plays. And then Anderson Cooper tries
to refocus the question saying quote, when you talk to him though, about human rights abuses,
is that just it? Is that as far as it goes in terms of the U S or is there any actual
repercussions for China? Biden replied quote, well, there will be repercussions for China.
And he knows that what I'm doing is making clear that we in fact are going to continue to reassert
our role as spokespeople for human rights at the UN and other agencies that have an impact on their
attitude. China is trying very hard to become the world leader and get that moniker. And to be able
to do that, they have to gain the confidence of other countries. And as long as they're engaged
in activity that is contrary to basic human rights, it's going to be hard for them to do
that. Biden wasn't endorsing any of the actions of the Chinese government. He was discussing a
more nuanced approach to international relations than Trump was capable of. Alex is playing
selectively edited clips of Biden's comments in order to make it appear that he was saying he
supports the treatment of the Uyghur people and all this is just not true. It's a load of shit.
It's not even in that clip. The clip is him saying, I have to respect them and their culture,
but at the same time, I'm not going to not speak out. And he's literally saying, I'm not going to
avoid speaking out just because I have to respect their culture. But you can take that clip and
get like, you have just enough. You have just enough there to spin it into, he endorsed all
this. I don't know why he left that second part in there where it is Biden saying, of course,
I'm going to speak out about human rights abuse. Yeah. It's a little bit strange. Yeah.
I don't know. Edit the clip better. Yeah. Well, look, the power's out. Or, I mean,
eviler, I guess. The power's out, man. That's fair. So, you know, everyone loves that Biden
has come out and he said that China can do whatever it wants and it's open season or
whatever. I don't remember that, but I will accept your interpretation. You know, and he's
not the only North American leader who has recently said such a thing. Okay. Now, who else
recently? Oh, the prime minister of Canada said to a group of women who got really excited when
he said it was like, it was so manly. He said, I like the communist Chinese system of total
dictatorship. And I, I like ZZ Pink. I like total dictatorship. And the women just all were like
squirming in their seats and just wiggling around like, like they were at a, you know, men's or
woman's gentleman club. What do you call those? La bear guys with the bow ties, but that's all
they're wearing. I mean, they were just giggling and snickering and hopping up and down. It's so
sexy to have death camps. Small point. Alex is making up all that stuff about women squirming
and being sexually excited by Trudeau's comments. That's just the product of his own pervy and very
weird imagination. That's that clip just makes me want to be like, what is wrong with you? What's
that's fucked up. It's an interesting question of whether he's just making that up because he
wants the audience to think that, or if that's really his experience of watching a clip like
that. Yeah. We know he's gross, gross, gross, very gross, gross. Yeah. But how much of it is
like actual and how much of it is performance for the audience? Right. That part, I have no idea
either way. It's fucked up. That's fucked up. Anyway. Also not for nothing that video that
he's referencing, like it's, you know, it's something like recent. He's lying about the
content of it. She's lying about the context of it. And wasn't it like two years ago, it's from
2013. Get the fuck out of here. It's from 2013. Yeah. Was he even prime minister in 2013? No,
he was not Dan. Nope. So with a guy like this, who's just accurate and like straight shooter
and consistent. Yes. You might be surprised to learn. I think Alex is having some money troubles.
Okay. Everybody around here goes, Oh, Alex, don't worry. They stole it from Trump. At least you'll
have more listeners now that Biden's in. No, I said, no, people are going to give up and the
center ship's going to get worse and we'll have less funds coming in. And sure as hell I was
right again. Cause my gut's always right. I can analyze later why my gut's right, but it's always
right. It's right. It's right. My spirit knows a lot smarter than just this gray matter. Is it?
And it interfaces with my gray matter. And I'm telling you that, that, that, that, that you
better get right with Jesus right now. Okay. This is a takeover, a military takeover.
And they are going to purge the living snot out of them. They're going to kill probably a third
of our military veterans and people. And they'll just fly over the helicopter and just bomb your
house. I mean, that's what's going to happen. And the public will be out there like this because
they don't want to get killed. The average American is a cowardly sack of demonic devil
worshiping garbage. Your neighbors will watch the NFL while your ass is drug on to put in a
FEMA camp. So some potbelly pedophile could screw your kids in front of you. Okay. It's all about
raping you and you're going to find out now they're going to rape you and enjoy it. So just
remember that if you want to fund this, we can stay on air. Who knows how long I would get the
propure $50 off. Whoa. That is a, that's an ad read. Yeah. That's an ad read. Pretty impressive.
Wow. Yeah. Wow. Holy shit. If you don't buy tied, they will rape you. Your neighbors will watch it.
Everyone. Your neighbors will watch as your house is bombed. Yeah. If you buy an off brand detergent,
the only way to stop it is to keep my bullshit on air. Yeah. All right. Wow. Congrats on promoting
a dick like this, Steven Crowder. That's just so fucked up. Yeah. That's they're real human beings
who don't need to listen to that shit. No, I would say every single human being on the planet
doesn't need to hear this shit. God, that's so fucked. Yeah. But, uh, you know, if everybody
didn't listen to the show said, no one would know that it's confirmed. Well it's official. Is it a
hundred percent, a hundred percent that Satan is real. Okay. And I'm going to explain to you again,
Satan is 1 trillion percent real. That sounds too high. And when we didn't start standing up
for other people and our children and our old people, the hedge of protection has been lifted
and God is going to let Satan literally annihilate us. So I hope everybody enjoys it.
This kind of characterizes quite a bit of the show. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's kind of fitting
and you know, like Alex is sitting in a dark studio. Of course, Satan has gotten control
and God's going to let us be destroyed. Yeah. It thematically fits, but it's a little,
it's a little exhausting. I dare God to let Satan kill all of us. I dare him. Man. That is,
that is hubris. Oh, I'll do it right now. I'll do it again. You are like Icarus. I'm fine with it.
I'll get up next to that sun. I don't give a shit. Pride comes before the fall. I will not
join you in this. Okay. Because a trillion percent, Alex is saying, Satan's real. I mean,
sure. You don't make up numbers like a trillion. I think you do. I think that's the exact type of
number you make up. Well, here's some more stuff that's getting made up. Okay. I have to apologize
to you in advance because Alex uses that word you hate discernment. Yeah. That's the one boy. See,
he has that if he uses badly, I'm going to lose my shit. He has this discernment, right? But the
other side has something that's kind of like a crystal ball that sort of works. Oh, a palantir,
if you will. We have discernment through Christ. The enemy has its own sickening form of discernment
and as a large understanding of the space time continuum,
I was able to make long-term very accurate predictions that are almost like future
crystal ball powers, but, but not really. And that's what you got for me crystal ball,
but not foreseen basically most of what has already transpired. And I can tell you things
are not going good for Satan. Wait a second. So now we're not just applying Satan as a malevolent
force designed to torture us sent by God to fulfill his plan. Now we've got a Satan who
also is like, God damn it guys, I need better help. Things aren't going well. Things are not
going well right now. We're behind. We're 10 years behind. We got this shitty crystal ball.
This crystal ball doesn't even work all the time. Why don't I get a good crystal ball? It kind of
works, but it doesn't. So now we've got to put upon middle manager Satan. I feel like if Alex
would just write this as a comedy show, like it would be a decent sitcom. Overworked,
under supported devil. Yeah, but I think that's already been made. I think there was a cartoon
made. I would almost guarantee that someone had that idea. I wouldn't be surprised. It got super
mad about it. They're trying to launder the devil and make him acceptable to children. It's a
cartoon. It's for kids. So Alex is in studio. He's able to broadcast. And like, I was watching
a bit of this as it was airing. So it was live. It was happening. And do you know, the cameras
look good. The lights look good. The only difference really is that there's no cool backdrop.
Sure. That's about it. But he's running at half like his capabilities. And I was like, well, you
know, bad storm makes sense. It turns out that's not why though. It turns out it's because everyone
who works at Infowars is an idiot. So let me show you some of the history of this. And again,
I don't have the document cam shot because most of the equipment's still down because we have
the generators but not wired in correctly because there's so many electrical wires and systems. So
a problem we failed, we probably won't even fix it. We'll probably just shut down. I don't think
I'm actually capable to keep this place going much longer. I'm trying. The crew's great. But,
you know, I'll tell you, the live crew is great, but the people that have the discipline of running
the show are the best. But I just, I don't know anymore. I'm just being honest. So you have the
generators. You just don't know how to plug them in or make things work. What an amazing
like microcosm of conservative leadership of just like, well, we have the stuff because we were told
that it's a good idea to have the stuff, but we didn't prepare and we didn't hook it up correctly.
It turns out no one here knows how to use it. And instead of, because I hire poorly,
instead of being able and capable and creative, I quit. Yeah. And he does talk quite a bit about
quitting, but he's not giving up. I'm going to throw a little tantrum instead of do anything
about it. He's not giving up, Jordan. People will say that he's giving up. He's not. He's giving in.
But hell, Biden's so evil. He doesn't care. He stole the election. Why didn't he have to
campaign? Why did he tell a group of people in a rally, I don't need you to win. I don't need you
to win. I don't need you to campaign to win. And I went, look, folks, he's telling you.
Because they're trying to demoralize us and destroy our morale. They
think humiliating us like this will make us give up.
Really? And you're like, well, Jones, you're talking about giving up. I'm not giving up.
I'm giving out. Okay. Like a horse has been carrying too much too long.
I want you to know how serious this is. You want us to go off the air?
You want us to just shut it down? Because if people don't get serious and understand
what's happening, I'll never sell out to the globalist. But at a certain point,
ladies and gentlemen, there's not enough serious people around me.
This crew in here, because they work with me and they're great. They're serious and they kick ass.
But almost everybody else I know doesn't give a rat's ass. And once you just sit there and
watch Netflix, some of them are pissed because the power's off. And so all I'm getting at is
everyone needs vitamin D3. Wow. Wow. That's what he's going to get. Wow.
I would have preferred if that Springsteen commercial was like,
in Central America, there's a town. And if you don't want everyone to die,
y'all better come to fucking Ford. Buy a goddamn car.
Yeah. Or I will blow up this town. I will kill everyone in this town.
I wrote, born in the USA, I can afford a bomb. Don't test me.
I can afford this commercial and I can afford the bomb I'm threatening you with. Come together.
This is, that also characterizes Alex's show. It's like, I'm quitting. Buy shit.
Buy shit. We're all going to die unless you buy shit.
Yeah. So to add, to make... Also, all of you are cowards
who don't have the balls to step up and do what needs to be done.
Like buy shit. Buy my pills.
Yes. You cowards.
I like the idea that there's not enough serious people around and it appears that the only way
you can be serious is buy Alex's product. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That seems like a trap. He resents everyone he knows for
not being dumb enough to buy his pills. Yeah. And so now the show
turns, takes a little bit of an interesting turn.
Okay. And that is Alex gets hungry.
And so they're sitting in this darkened studio and they have to break out survival food.
Oh boy.
You know, Michael Gorman put this al dente on a hot plate in the dark about the studio.
They have limited power here. And if it wasn't al dente, it tastes as good
as restaurant fettuccine alfredo from preparewithalex.com.
It's good. It's good fettuccine alfredo. Wow.
He eats some on the show. God damn.
All right. Yeah, it's pretty great.
It becomes like a commercial for the survival food.
Just have a big Thanksgiving dinner of survival food like that.
Sitting here in the dark studio, this fettuccine alfredo is a little toothsome.
It's good. Yeah.
So now compounding my issues with what is working there and what is not.
Sure. Alex takes phone calls.
Okay. How are your phone lines all working?
Sure.
You can just take live phone calls?
Yeah, of course. Come on.
I don't know what... I don't know. It's very strange.
They have an old rotary phone. You don't need power for that shit. You just connect it.
They might have not been able to plug in the thing that blocks really scary callers.
Oh, that's not good.
Because the first caller is a prophet.
Uh oh.
What's it going to take for the people of this country to wake up?
Your nation is judged and you have been found wanting.
And I've got information for you, Alex, that is imperative.
I can't get into it over the line, but I'm going to tell you right now
that there are 360 million lives at stake right now.
And all I'm asking for you is 15 minutes of your time.
If I give you this information and you hear it, you'll know it's the truth.
And it's going to answer a lot of questions that you have had,
that you have not been able to get answers to.
I'm a man of God. I'm a prophet of God.
All right, brother, listen, I'll get your info.
But I mean, here's the deal. Everybody always used to talk to me privately.
I don't know why we can't. You got a point to make it on air.
But I hear you. I think this is his judgment.
I'm not talking to you out there. I'm not giving you 15 minutes.
Excuse me, excuse me, sir. No.
Hey, it's fun when I yell about how I'm a prophet and millions are going to die.
Yeah, you sound silly because I'm the star of the show.
Yeah, you're just a guy calling in.
Just a guy calling in. Yeah.
Yeah, that's what kind of like hit my ear really weird is like,
how is that any different than the stuff Alex says?
It's not really.
I'm always blown away by how local everyone is.
Like 360 million lives are at stake.
The globe is interconnected.
I get that you guys want there to be nationalism and shit,
but even in that world, the globe is interconnected.
If 360 million people died, the entire world would be fucked up.
I don't think he was saying that it's all just the United States.
Sure.
It could be all over the place.
Oh, okay.
All right.
Anyway, I don't know.
Look, this prophet, not a great call. It doesn't go well.
Alex gets another call from a guy.
I'm not going to play this because it's, who cares?
The caller is just, he wants to plug the Philadelphia Church of God.
Sure.
Which I looked into.
The Philadelphia.
Yes.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's a church that was founded on the teachings of Herbert Armstrong,
which is a guy who's a noted preacher of British Israelism.
Sure.
That church was started by a guy named Gerald Flurry,
who thinks he's a prophet and that Trump was a God-ordained ruler.
That'll happen.
So he calls in to promote that and Alex is like,
I love watching preachers.
Who cares?
Anyway, Alex gets to, this is an interesting thing that came up.
Sure.
Alex believes in weather weapons.
He believes that the globalists can control all this stuff.
Naturally.
And so he has this sort of complicated position he's presenting that is,
did the globalists do this?
Yes.
No.
What?
Could they have?
Yes.
Is it wrong for me to ask questions?
No.
So it's strange.
All right.
It's strange.
And then wouldn't you know it?
He has all of the evidence to prove that they can do all this.
Sure.
Use storms as weapons and everything.
Yeah, of course, of course.
He just can't find it.
Ooh, bad luck.
Bad luck for us, Dan.
It was 20 years ago or so that I got a contact from the Air Force and they said the director
of heart, the civilian head, would like to come on the show because he heard General
Benton K. Parton, the military head of heart, previously on your show, talk about it.
And sure enough, there was an Air Force colonel on the line.
They put the civilian head of it on.
I look up, it's the real guy.
He came on about a week after the Air Force called me, but when he admitted that they
could control the weather, they could actually ignite the upper atmosphere on fire and steer
the the Arctic blast south if they wanted to.
The Air Force guy got real mad, got on the line and said the interview is over during
the break and hung up on me.
And I've never been able to find that interview.
It was a big interview.
It was so big.
We lost it.
And just so things.
Yeah, it's a real bizarre thing.
So big we couldn't find it or keep it.
And I've never been able to find it.
Damnedest thing.
Bummer.
Because that would have proved everything.
Well, not everything, but it would have proven something.
Would have proved a lot.
Yeah.
Oh boy.
I'll wait for him to produce this.
Yeah.
Any time now.
I'm not going to wait.
No, any day now.
So we know from listening to this episode that the Alfredo, if Zimmerman hadn't cooked
it al dente.
Amazing.
Would be fantastic.
Uh, Alex eats some more survival food.
And I called him this morning.
Speaking of the devil, there's probably some macaroni and cheese.
Thank you, sir.
Speak of the devil.
They, um, there's probably some macaroni and cheese.
You are not going to eat that.
They're going to give you an additional 10% off.
They weren't going to do specials for a long time.
We'll get back to this here in a second.
But this either implies that Alex is just doing this to be on camera eating the food.
Sounds like it.
Or they don't have filling portions.
I don't know.
Survival, Dan.
Not, not like thriving.
No, Alex makes a big deal out of how this company is different than the others because
it's 2000 calories.
Sure.
That's the other ones are like 1000 calories.
That's fair.
They hadn't done sales in years.
They had a bunch of sales last year.
This is a huge deal.
We knew it was coming.
The price of food could not last as this low rate for much longer.
And now even major brands like Kraft Heinz, ConAgra are announcing plans to start passing
the soaring food cost on to you.
Oh, no.
Millions of Americans nationwide becoming aware of the impact of the global pandemic
and lockdown and four statewide outages to our power grid.
There has never been a better time to stock up on terrible food while you still can.
In response to these outages, we are leading to food lines in Texas.
Again, I didn't write this.
I talked to the crew about 30 minutes ago and I said, please write this up.
And I guess this was written hastily, so I can't really even understand this.
But let me just tell you this, ladies and gentlemen, you need to get prepared now with
all the craziness that's going on.
How are they supposed to write that up in the dark while they're cooking you food?
What an asshole.
What a fucking asshole.
He handled it better than O'Reilly though.
They're like, fuck, we're doing it live.
Yeah, that's fair.
That's because he's always doing it live.
This isn't new.
This is a daily occurrence for him.
I was like, this sentence does not work.
All right, fuck it.
I can't read this.
Did he crumple it up to?
What an asshole.
That's an homage to Rush.
Okay.
Paper crinkling noises.
All right, Jesus.
Homage to Rush.
So yeah, we have one last clip here and Alex takes another call from a guy and unfortunately
in the process reveals that he knows literally nothing about the power situation in Texas.
Sure.
Jeff, first time caller from Arkansas.
Now you've had power allergies there as well.
There's ERCOTs all over the country.
What does ERCOT stand for?
What does the T stand for in ERCOT?
Dan, I think the T stands for Teveryware.
Teveryware.
It's everywhere.
Texas.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
The Electric Reliability Council of Texas.
ERCOT is everywhere.
It's defined by not being everywhere.
No, no, no.
So there's the power consortium on the West Coast and then on the East Coast and then
Texas is everywhere.
So I would say that whenever you hear somebody say something like that, it would tend to
imply that they know nothing about the issue.
They don't know anything about the structure, the infrastructure, the way the power is
disseminated around the state.
You could strongly infer that.
Oh, yes.
Yeah.
And so whenever Alex tries to sum up his feelings about the storm and the electricity issues
like this, just go ahead and toss it out like he did that badly written copy.
Yeah.
They did this on purpose.
I have family.
They used to run power plants.
One of them is dead now, but I've got family.
I'm not going to get into it because they don't want me to.
But I called them in Houston and I called others and they said 100% this is all fake
to jack up prices.
This means nothing.
He's literally just saying nothing in order to make more interesting stories for his audience
to have than, hey, poorly managed statewide.
What else has your family done?
Has his family done everything?
They did Iran-Contra.
Yeah.
No kidding.
Everybody.
Yeah.
But at a certain point now, everybody's done Iran-Contra.
Everyone on the right did Iran-Contra.
Everyone was like, everyone's proud of being part of it.
I was part of Iran-Contra.
You know, a good thing.
Yeah.
Me and Ollie.
He used to fuck around.
It was a good time.
Yeah.
I don't know.
This is all very stupid.
I did find this a little more interesting than some shows recently.
Sure.
And I think one of the reasons is there's at least what appears to be a shift happening.
And maybe I'm just tricked by the fact that the studio was pitch black.
I think there is a little bit of that.
Just like, oh, this is at least novel.
Yeah.
And it's obviously, there's no reason to do this.
You could have just taken the day off.
Could have taken the day off.
There's no reason to come into the studio.
Even if you have power, you could say you don't.
But it's to eat survival food on air or to try and get some money coming through.
Yeah.
Now's a great time to sell survival food.
You know what I want to do?
And that's shipped from somewhere else.
So it's something that he can still deliver.
Whereas all the stuff in the warehouse, he doesn't have power to the warehouse.
He can't deliver anything for at least a week at back orders.
What a fucking asshole.
Yeah.
Using an emergency as a prop to sell shit is maybe one of the worst things you can do.
And something he does regularly.
Yep.
God, fuck that guy.
Yeah.
So also, I think just to bring this back into really sharp focus, number one.
You gotta wash that ass.
True.
Number two, Alex Jones very clearly was demonstrating some explicit white supremacy on this show.
To levels that he rarely touches.
There's some things that are usually kind of implied sometimes.
But that idea that he has, that freedom over human history has only sprung forth from white men.
It's pretty clearly indicative of like,
oh, this is behind a lot of your other beliefs that you try to masquerade as not racist.
Yeah.
The only conclusion you can draw is that white men are better than other people.
That's it.
Pretty clear.
That's the only thing you can take.
From his thinking.
Yeah.
So you take that and you really have it in sharp contrast with people like Steven Crowder
trying to whitewash his presentation.
And him trying to whitewash the world.
Yeah.
Just everybody is disgraceful.
Disgraceful.
That's really the feeling that I have.
Steven Crowder, I don't know how good the money is,
but just know that this is what you're doing.
You're trying to mainstream and normalize this guy to your infantile audience
who think pee-pee jokes are funny.
Yeah.
And what's behind it is a guy who thinks that freedom only comes from white people.
Right.
So, oh, white males, excuse me.
I don't think the money's that good.
I've stopped thinking the money's that good.
And here's why.
Here's why.
I'll tell you why.
Because I was reading about this Ted Cruz thing.
And in the text messages, they point out that the room fee per night is $309.
And they were like, that's a good room rate.
If you are Ted Cruz selling out literally the survival of the human race for corporations,
shouldn't you not have to worry about what your hotel room costs?
I'm telling you, it's cheaper to buy corrupt people than it should be.
I don't know.
I mean, you don't stay comfortably selling out the human race
if you don't keep up on room rates.
Yeah, that's fair.
Yeah.
That's fair.
Rich people don't spend money.
They keep it down.
Exactly.
I don't know.
It's tough for me to say.
All that stuff is so shrouded in obscurity that I really have no idea.
But no matter what the price, it's just, this is what you're doing.
Stop trying to pretend you're doing something else.
Yep, yep.
Hey, Steven Crowder, you are spreading white nationalism.
The end.
I think it's that.
And I think you could be even more direct with it.
What you're doing is actively trying to pretend that this white supremacy
that is celebrated and disseminated by Alex isn't that.
That's not what this is.
And by doing that, you're trying to trick your young audience
into believing that something that is hate isn't hate.
Yeah.
And that, I mean, gross.
No, it's him having a KKK member and being like,
see, he's not wearing the robe, so it's fine.
His problem is really with the state.
Yeah, exactly.
He doesn't like the state encroaching upon whiteness.
And I don't understand why that's a problem.
Yeah, he doesn't like the state telling him where he can and can't burn things.
Yeah, exactly.
Oh, I can't burn it on somebody's yard.
I thought this was America.
This is, yeah, and I resent that quite a bit.
And I also resent that I can't get myself to just cover his episode.
Because it is behind a paywall and I'm not going to breach that.
Yep.
God damn ethics, Stan.
Oh, well.
Looks like I believe in their principles more than they do.
Our problem is believing in reality.
Anyway, we'll be back, Jordan.
But until then, we have a website.
We do have a website.
It's knowledgefight.com.
Yes, we're also on, what is it called?
I believe it's called Twitter.
That's right.
It's at knowledge underscore fight and I go to bed, Jordan.
Yep, we're also on Facebook.
We are on Facebook.
Will you tell the shots?
If you could, please find a local charity or bail fund in your area
to help out people who are still doing God's work.
Yep, we'll be back.
But until then, I'm Neo.
I'm Leo.
I'm DZX.
Clark.
I'm Darrell Rundis.
You got to wash that ass.
Words of wisdom.
Andy in Kansas.
You're on the air.
Thanks for holding.
Hello, Alex.
I'm a first time caller.
I'm a huge fan.
I love your work.
I love you.